W-18090420-no-adv-alerts-duke (#367)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/custom-dashboard-alerts.adoc

= Setting Up Alerts for Custom Dashboards in Anypoint Monitoring
:page-alias: advanced-alerts.adoc
:page-info-pills: anypoint-pricing-titanium

> Set up alerts for charts in xref:create-custom-dashboard.adoc[custom dashboards], from the chart's *Alert* tab. Alerts trigger email notifications if a data point you're measuring passed a specified threshold in the past 5 minutes. This 5 minute period is fixed and not configurable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up alerts for charts in xref:create-custom-dashboard.adoc[custom dashboards], from the chart's *Alert* tab. Alerts trigger email notifications if a data point you're measuring has passed a specified threshold in the past five minutes. This five-minute period is fixed and not configurable. 
```
